Update in-memory-data-structure-store@M-EXrTDeAEMz_IkEi-ab4.md (#7270)
kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap: src/data/roadmaps/redis/content/in-memory-data-structure-store@M-EXrTDeAEMz_IkEi-ab4.md

# In-memory Data Structure Store

An in-memory database is a purpose-built database that relies primarily on internal memory for data storage. It enables minimal response times by eliminating the need to access standard disk drives (SSDs). In-memory databases are ideal for applications that require microsecond response times or have large spikes in traffic, such as gaming leaderboards, session stores, and real-time data analytics. The terms main memory database (MMDB), in-memory database system (IMDS), and real-time database system (RTDB) also refer to in-memory databases.

> Read More on [https://aws.amazon.com/memorydb/](https://aws.amazon.com/memorydb/)

Reviewer: Please check the [contribution guide](https://github.com/kamranahmedse/developer-roadmap/blob/master/contributing.md) for adding resources.

> 
> Read More on [https://aws.amazon.com/memorydb/](https://aws.amazon.com/memorydb/)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion

Learn more from the following resources: 

- [@article@Amazon MemoryDB](https://aws.amazon.com/memorydb/)
```
